# Coin-Program
Two classes that represent a coin. The Coin class is derived from the GenericCoin class. The GenericCoin class represesents a coin with no value or name. It has a heads side and a tails side and is able to tell a user of the class which of those two sides is facing up (via a method that returns a boolean value corresponding to HEADS and TAILS constants). A user of the class can also “toss” the coin (via a method) so it randomly lands either heads up or tails up. The Coin class extends the GenericCoin class. Instances of the Coin class also have a monetary value (0.01, 0.05, 0.10, 0.25, or 1.00) which is designated as a double argument when each Coin is created. The constructor then assigns the appropriate name (penny, nickel, dime, quarter, dollar) to each instance's name data field based on the argument passed to the constructor. Accessor methods enable the user of the class to determine the coin’s monetary value and name. 

A program called TestGenericCoin which creates a single GenericCoin, prints out the GenericCoin’s status on a new line after each of 10 tosses, and then prints out the frequency that heads occurred. A second program called TestCoin which creates an array of 100 Coins where the value of each coin is randomly determined from the 5 possible values given above and toss() is called once on each newly created Coin. After all of the Coins have been created and tossed, prints the status of each Coin on a new line. After printing out the values for all of the Coins, calculates the number of each type of coin and the sum of their monetary values by using the accessor methods. Also calculates the number of each type of coin with heads up and tails up by using the GenericCoin 's boolean method. Prints out these results. For example, the output for pennies might look like: 

Penny:  Num: 15  Value: $0.15  H: 10  T: 5 

Finally, prints out the total monetary value of all the coins combined.
